♪ The Doc is in
And she'll fix you up ♪
♪ If you're a toy
Then you're in luck ♪
♪ It's okay
Don't be afraid ♪
♪ The Doc really
Knows her stuff ♪
♪ Do, do, do you know
It's good for you? ♪
♪ The Doc is gonna
Help you feel better ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh
It's the place to go ♪
♪ When you feel
A little under the weather ♪
♪ Let Doc McStuffins
Do her thing ♪
♪ To get you right back
In the swing ♪
♪ Doc McStuffins
Doc McStuffins ♪
♪ Come, let the visit begin
The Doc is in ♪
♪ Doc McStuffins
Doc McStuffins ♪
♪ Come, let the visit begin ♪
The Doc is in!
[laughs]
[Doc reading]
Hi, everyone.
[all] Hi, Doc!
Oh!
Are we playing princess?
Yep.
Baa-utiful!
Hoo-hoo!
Once upon a time,
in McStuffins Kingdom,
Princess Lambie was trapped
in the tower of her castle!
[gasps] Help! Help!
I'm trapped!
We need a brave prince
to rescue the princess.
Here I come!
Uh! Huh!
Brave prince to the...
Whoa!
[grunts]
...rescue!
[chuckles]
I gotcha, sugar.
[sighs] Doc, wouldn't it be
princess-perfect
if we had a real prince
to save me for once?
Or... [gasps] Ooh!
A knight in shining armor!
We could use a knight.
A knight?
Then what do I get to be?
Well, you could be...
the scary dragon!
Okay!
I can make a great dragon!
What?
[all laughing]
Stuffy, you are a dragon!
Oh. [chuckles]
Yeah. I knew that.
Great, now that we know
who'll play the dragon,
what about the brave knight?
Where can we rustle him up, Doc?
Hmmm... Donny used to have
a toy knight that he played
with all the time.
I remember that knight.
He was really brave!
Shiny, too.
Oh! A brave, shiny knight
all dressed up in armor?
Oh, I sure like
the sound of that.
Can we play with him, Doc?
Can we, can we, can we, please?
It would make Princess Lambie
royally happy.
Let me see if Donny
will let me borrow him.
Thanks, Donny!
Where's my little knighty-poo?
Hey, he's my knighty-poo!
[all gasp]
[Lambie and Hallie exclaim]
It is I, Sir Kirby!
The bravest knight
in all of McStuffins's Kingdom.
Everyone say hi to Sir Kirby.
-Hello.
-Hi...
[chuckles]
Enchanted, I'm sure.
Didn't you say
he was shiny?
Uh, he was.
How may I serve you?
Oh, um, right.
There's a scary dragon!
Ahem!
Scary dragon!
Oh, yeah.
Roar!
Do not fear, princess!
For I come to--
Whoa!
Oh, dear.
Oh, Sir Kirby,
are you okay?
What? Me?
Why, of course!
Why would you think
I wasn't okay?
Well, you don't look
exactly the way
I remembered you looking.
We thought you were gonna be
a lot shinier, Sir Kirby.
'Tis true,
beautiful princess.
Alas, my armor
has seen shinier days.
However, I am still
a brave knight!
Oh!
Oh, my.
Fear not, princess!
I will leap up the tower
to your rescue!
[shouts]
[all gasp]
Thank you.
Sir Kirby, you don't seem
as knightly as you used to.
I think there's
something wrong.
Ah, you may be right,
Lady McStuffins.
I've always been
a great knight,
but my legs and arms
don't seem to be working
quite the way they used to.
And I cannot fulfill
my sworn duty to, um,
protect the princess.
Sir Kirby, you're still
a great knight. You just--
Oh, um, oops.
I think I'm stuck to you,
or you're stuck to me!
Sorry!
Ew, ew, ew... ooh.
I fear that my best days
are behind me.
For there is no use
for a knight who cannot leap
to the rescue.
Sir Kirby, you know how
you're really great
at saving princesses?
Well, I'm really great
at saving toys!
I promise that I'm going to
figure out what's wrong with you
and make you better!
Really?
The Doc is in!
[Sir Kirby gasps]
What are those
extremely shiny things,
and whatever are they used for?
Don't worry, Sir Kirby.
These are the tools I use
to help my patients
feel better.
Right then. Splendid!
And very good, too!
First, let me check
your heartbeat.
[thump thump]
'Tis good to know
my heart still beats true.
Oops, sorry.
Next, let's measure
your height against
this wall here.
With pleasure!
A true knight
always stands tall.
Thank you, Sir Kirby.
Now come over to my
doctor's bag, and I'll check
your blood pressure.
With pleasure!
Sir Kirby?
Are you coming?
Oh, for the love of--
I am trying.
[yelps]
A little help, perhaps.
[straining]
-Careful. Oh.
-Uh... Uh...
Whoa!
Oh. I'm okay.
I'm not okay.
Why don't you just
stay there for a second?
Hmm, good idea, for I don't
seem to have a choice.
I am stuck!
You seem to be sticking
to everything, Sir Kirby.
I need to find out why.
Hmm, that's something
I've never seen before!
What? What is it?
Was my armor burned by a scary,
fire-breathing dragon?
Or better still, zapped
by the spell of a wicked witch?
No, not that.
It kind of looks like
you're covered in grape jelly
and pizza cheese.
Yum!
[sniffs]
Yep. That's what
it is, all right.
Sir Kirby, when was
the last time you took a bath?
Oh, let me see.
I think it was, um...
It must have been, uh...
Carry the two...
Well, to tell you the truth,
I don't think
I've ever taken a bath.
Oh, my!
Sir Kirby, I think
I know why you can't move
your arms and legs very well.
Do tell!
I have a diagnosis!
Sir Kirby has...
filthy-icky-sticky disease!
[all gasp]
Looks like we've got
another entry for
The Big Book of Boo-boos!
Lady McStuffins, please tell me
what this means.
I will... try to be brave.
Well, you're covered
with sticky foods,
so you're stuck together.
Filthy-icky-sticky disease
means that you, Sir Kirby,
are not clean.
Ohhhh!
An unclean knight
will never do!
Princess, I beg you, forgive me.
I shall hand in my armor,
and I shall go.
But Sir Kirby, you don't
have to stop being a knight.
We can make you all better!
How?
We treat filthy-icky-sticky
disease by taking a bath
and getting squeaky clean!
A bath?
Nothing to worry about, sugar.
Bath time is a rootin-tootin'
good time!
♪ Ba baba baba baba bubbles
Means bath time ♪
♪ Ba baba baba baba
Bubbles means bath time ♪
♪ Ba baba baba bubbles
Splish-splash time ♪
♪ Ba baba baba baba bubbles ♪
[Doc]
♪ Take off your hat ♪
♪ Kick off your shoes ♪
♪ Peel off your socks ♪
Pee-yew!
♪ Ba baba baba baba bubbles
Means bath time ♪
♪ Ba baba baba baba bubbles ♪
♪ What better way
To wind up the day ♪
-♪ What you gotta do ♪
-♪ Shampoo! ♪
♪ Ba baba baba baba bubbles
Means bath time ♪
♪ Splish-splash time ♪
♪ It's bath time ♪
Well, right then.
I'll try it!
Yeah!
Hooray!
Let's go get clean.
[chuckles]
Most excellent!
Fare thee well, my plastic
and stuffed friends.
When I see you again, I shall
be back to my old, shiny,
brave self!
Hooray!
Sir Kirby!
That'll be great!
Mom, I'm ready
for my bath!
Wow!
Usually I tell you
it's bath time.
[chuckles]
Not tonight!
Then let's get started.
[laughs]
How's Sir Kirby?
Yeah. Is he... shiny?
[imitates fanfare]
The new, improved,
and very clean... Sir Kirby!
[all gasp]
Wow! You're so clean,
I can see my face
in your armor!
Hey there, good lookin'!
Thanks to you, Lady McStuffins,
I feel like myself again.
You're welcome, Sir Kirby.
Your filthy-icky-sticky
disease is all cured.
♪ I feel better
So much better ♪
♪ Thank you, Doc, for taking
All the ouches away ♪
♪ Didn't feel so good
Till you fixed me ♪
♪ Like I knew that you would ♪
♪ And I feel better
Oh, so much better now ♪
I feel as though I could hop
onto my trusty steed,
battle a scary dragon,
and save a fair princess.
[gasps] That's me!
I'm the princess!
[fanfare]
[Doc] Once upon a time,
in McStuffins's Kingdom,
there was a princess...
Oh! There are dangerous
and scary dragons everywhere!
[growls]
I'm a scary dragon!
Roar!
But luckily, there was someone
very brave and clean
who could come to her rescue.
Fear not, fair princess!
For I shall protect you
from the mighty
and terrifying dragon!
Away, dragon, away!
Roar!
Whoa! Dragon!
[laughs]
Oh, Sir Kirby,
you're so brave!
All in a day's work
for the cleanest knight in all
of McStuffins's Kingdom!
And they all lived happily
ever after... and took
lots of baths!
[all cheering]
[Doc reading]
-[boys laugh]
-Bop him!
Bop him! Bop him!
Bop him!
He won't stay down!
[giggles]
Hey, Donny!
Hi, Will!
[laughs]
Hi, Doc.
What are you guys doing?
Playing with Boppy!
No matter how hard
you bop him...
he always pops
back up again. See?
Ooh, let me try.
You're not gonna
be able to do it.
He won't stay down.
Stay down!
Hey!
See, I told you
you couldn't do it.
I guess you were right.
Even I can't keep him down.
This time
I'm gonna do it!
No way.
Bop him! Bop him!
Hi, Dad.
Hey, Doc! Come here.
Look at these new flowers
popping up in the garden.
Those are the daisies
you helped me plant.
And these roses are getting
ready to open up.
-Ow!
-Dad, are you okay?
Oh, of course, sweetie.
I just pricked my finger
on a thorn.
Here, let me take a look.
Don't worry, Dad.
The doctor is in.
I sure do like a doctor
who makes house calls...
Garden calls, too!
First, I have to
clean your cut.
Now, I'll put on a bandage.
Thanks, Doc.
You do good work!
Dad, it's not done yet!
You need one more
thing.
-There.
-Now, that's perfect!
Thanks, Doc.
Sure, Dad.
Just keep that clean,
and come get me
if it isn't feeling better.
Great. What do I owe you
for the doctor's visit?
Hmm, that'll cost you...
one hug.
Oh, you run a hard
bargain, but I think
I can afford that.
Mmm.
Mmm. Ahh.
Bye, Dad!
The Doc is in!
Hi, everyone!
[all] Hi, Doc!
Doc, ya gotta help me!
Hi, Chilly!
What's wrong?
Oh it's awful!
Look at me!
I'm white as a sheet!
Chilly, you're a snowman.
You're supposed
to be white.
We tried to tell him!
Hoo! Thanks, Doc!
I don't know how you always
have the answers, but you do!
[Donny and Will]
Doc! Doc!
Sounds like someone
else needs you, Doc.
Doc! Help!
It's Will and Donny.
And they're coming this way.
Toys, go stuffed!
You got it, Doc.
Stuffy!
You're moving.
Oh, right. Got it.
Not moving.
Starting now.
Donny! Will!
What's wrong?
Doc, it's Boppy!
[air hissing]
You gotta save him!
He's got a hole
and he's losing air!
If you bop him,
he doesn't even pop back up!
That sounds serious.
But if you let me examine him,
I'll do everything I can
to fix him.
What do we got, Doc?
Looks like we have an emergency!
It's an emergency!
Chilly, it's okay!
Doc's great in an
emergency, remember?
Oh, yeah!
She's great at everything.
He's coming around.
Huh?
Whoa, where am I?
You're in the
doctor's office.
How are you feeling?
Oh, not so good!
I'm a little light-headed.
Whoa!
[Hallie] Oh, my!
-Buh?
-He didn't pop back up.
That's not like him!
Oh, I need a cuddle!
Magnifying glass, Hallie.
Comin' right up!
Oh... Whop.
Just try to relax, Boppy.
I'm going to use this
to find the hole.
Just tell it to me straight,
Doc. It's bad, isn't it?
Lie back, sugar.
You're in the hands
of the best toy doctor
I've ever seen.
She's gonna take
great care of you!
I have to find the leak...
Fast!
That's it!
That's where the hole is!
Stuffy, I need you to
put pressure right here!
Okay.
[grunts]
[hissing stops]
Hey, I did it!
[air hissing]
I blocked the hole!
Whaah!
[hissing stops]
Now, Boppy, just hold still.
I'm not going
anywhere, Doc!
Phew!
Phew.
I'm still a little woozy,
but, you know,
I'm feeling better already!
Good.
I'll just pump you up,
and you should feel even more
like your old self.
Ooh! Waah!
Oh, that feels
fantastic!
You're all pumped up!
Thanks, Doc, I'm ready
to get back to playtime!
But we're not done yet.
I want to give you a checkup.
[chuckling] Yeah, what's that?
I'm just going to make
sure there's nothing else
wrong with you.
♪ Time for your checkup
Time for your checkup ♪
♪ I'm gonna check your ears
Check your eyes ♪
♪ Find out how much
You've grown ♪
♪ Time for your checkup ♪
♪ I'm gonna listen
To your heartbeat ♪
♪ Fix you up, ready to go ♪
♪ Time for your checkup ♪
♪ It's okay if you giggle ♪
♪ This will only
Tickle a little ♪
♪ Time for your checkup
Time for your checkup ♪
So, how'd I do, Doc?
Great! You're good as new!
Wooo-weee!
I'm healed! I'm healed!
Whoop.
Oh, yeah,
I still got it!
Come on, little lady,
give me your best bop!
Hmm.
I'd rather cuddle!
Hold on!
Whoo!
That was the most exciting
cuddle I've ever had!
Ohh!
Oh, boy!
I was so lucky to be in
the backyard of the
great Doc McStuffins!
Like, how lucky
can you get, right?
Now, come on!
Who'll give me
a good test run?
Oh, I will! I will!
But I am a dragon,
so let me know if you want me
to take it easy on you.
Doc, nice work.
Aw, thanks, Lambie.
I couldn't have done it
without you guys!
[air hissing]
Oh, no! That sounds like Boppy
sprung a leak again!
Doc, I don't know
how it happened,
but I bopped Boppy,
and now he has a new hole!
I know I'm strong,
but I didn't think
I was that strong!
Me neither!
Hallie! I need my doctor's bag.
Way ahead of ya, Doc!
Here we go again. Oh!
Oh, yeah,
I've still got it.
Phew!
That was a close one!
Yeah. Another close one.
You know, a doctor's job
isn't just to help you
after you're hurt.
It isn't?
[Doc] Nope.
A doctor is also supposed
to help you not get hurt
in the first place!
Boppy, I want to know why
you keep springing leaks!
You're not the only one.
I'd like to
know that, too!
Boppy, Stuffy, show me
exactly what happened right
before Boppy started hissing.
I bopped you there!
And I popped up there.
And bopped you there.
Popped up there!
And then I bopped
you over there.
And then I bopped one there!
Then you came back
and I was like whoa!
And then bop!
And I came back up.
Did you bop over here
by the rose bushes?
Um...
Yeah, yeah, we did!
'Course, I popped back up.
I always do!
And-- But come to think of it,
this is where I started hissing.
Hissing...
[gasps]
Look, she's got it!
Doc's got it!
I do.
I have a diagnosis!
That means she knows
what's wrong with you.
Boppy, you've got a bad case
of the pricklethorns!
Buh?
Let's put that
diagnosis right here,
in The Big Book
of Boo-boos!
Oh, what are
the pricklethorns?
The pricklethorns are when you
prick yourself on a thorn
or something sharp.
Like my dad did
this morning!
See this rose bush here?
It has thorns.
When you got near it,
you pricked yourself
and got a hole!
Wow! Yeah, well, how do I
make sure I don't get
the pricklethorns again?
That's simple. You just have
to stay away from thorns
and sharp things!
One, two-- One, two, three!
♪ I wanna bop, bop, bop
Don't wanna pop ♪
♪ You bopped around the block
Popped and had to stop ♪
♪ So you came to see
The Doc ♪
♪ Then you fixed me up
That's what you had to do ♪
♪ I fixed you up
Made you like new ♪
♪ Go and have fun
But be careful when you run ♪
♪ Stay away from ouches! ♪
♪ Ouches ♪
♪ Bop around more
Fall on the floor ♪
♪ Just keep away
From those pricklethorns! ♪
♪ Bop, bop, bop
Don't wanna pop ♪
♪ You wanna bop, bop, bop
♪ I can fix you up ♪
♪ But it's better
If you just try not to pop! ♪
♪ Thanks, Doc! ♪
Whoo, believe me, I'll always
be careful of sharp things now.
Can't thank you
enough, Doc.
I feel like my old self.
[Donny] Doc!
Toys! Go stuffed!
Did you fix Boppy?
Yep, he's all fixed.
-Yes!
-All right!
But you might want to play
with him someplace away
from the rose bush.
Why?
Because roses have thorns
that can pop him.
I think that's how he got
his hole in the first place.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, we'll play with him
over here.
Bop him, Will! Bop him!
Bop him.
Way to go, Boppy.
Look at him bounce.
Yeah, bop him.
Stuffy!
Right.
Being quiet now.
Thanks, Doc!
You're awesome!
The awesomest!
Just doing my job.
Bop him, Will!
Bop him! Bop him!
Hey, everybody,
it's Doc here.
When you're out playing
on a really hot day,
what should you remember to do?
Should you give a Boppy a hug?
Should you trumpet
like an elephant?
[plays note]
Or should you drink
plenty of water?
That's right. On a hot day,
drink lots of water.